Scratchpad for content / structuring ideas

*Question Collection

If a Q has an A already, feel free to post it with the Q.


*General questions

*Uncategorized questions

Q: Questions here
A:  [optional - we can also collect good questions which no-one has given an excellent answer to yet]

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Q: Questions here
A:  [optional - we can also collect good questions which no-one has given an excellent answer to yet]

---------------------------------------------------------------------


*BU vs SegWit questions

Q: Is it possible that both BU and Segwit could activate at the same time?
A:

*BU vs SegWit


*Content dump area below (no special formatting required)

*
*Questions directly related to BU

Will Bitcoin Unlimited split the blockchain?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited have R&D into layer-2 services?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited have any conflicts of interest?

How many Bitcoin Unlimited developers work for different companies?

Is Bitcoin Unlimited better than Segwit?

How much code has Bitcoin Unlimited developers contributed?

Does the 1.0 bug incident impact further adoption of Bitcoin Unlimited?

Will nodes refuse blocks based on different configurations?

Are Bitcoin Unlimited developers qualified and capable?

Is it possible there are additional bugs in Bitcoin Unlimited?

Does the market want Bitcoin Unlimited?

Will Bitcoin Unlimited implement Flexible Transactions?

How does Bitcoin Unlimited keep the community informed?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited appeal to authority figures?

Is an uncapped blocksize a radical and risky change?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited support hardware wallets?

Should I be worried about Bitcoin Unlimited?

Is Bitcoin Unlimited, Bitcoin?

How can I get help with my Bitcoin Unlimited node?

What if I don't upgrade to Bitcoin Unlimited?

Why doesn't Bitcoin Unlimited move to another crypto-currency?

How do I use Bitcoin Unlimited with Raspberry Pi?

Where can I find Bitcoin Unlimited's financial statements?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited completely remove the block-size?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited want absolute control of Bitcoin?

Is the economic benefit of mining Bitcoin Unlimited good?

Where is the Bitcoin Unlimited Testnet?

What is Nolnet?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited make transactions harder to trace?

Is Bitcoin Unlimited a conspiracy?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited collude with individuals?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited have fake nodes?

How does the Bitcoin Unlimited foundation feel about government regulation of Bitcoin?

Will Bitcoin Unlimited support Schnorr signatures?

Is Bitcoin Unlimited trivially broken?

How much bandwidth has Bitcoin Unlimited's Xthin saved?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited enter into formal agreements with participants of the Bitcoin industry?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited support alternative implementations?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited condemn censorship?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited follow the longest chain of proof-of-work?

How do I setup a Bitcoin Unlimited node?

Will Bitcoin Unlimited affect my Bitcoin wallet?

Will Bitcoin Unlimited work as advertised?

Why isn't Bitcoin Unlimited calling itself "Bitcoin"?

Will mining Bitcoin Unlimited blocks be a waste of electricity?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited have an activation mechanism?

Is the Bitcoin blockchain immutable with Bitcoin Unlimited?

Is Bitcoin Unlimited more than a simple block-size increase?

Which users and businesses officially support Bitcoin Unlimited?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited follow Nakamoto consensus?

Will Bitcoin Unlimited ever change the proof-of-work?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited believe in soft-forks?

Can Bitcoin safely scale with Bitcoin Unlimited?

Where does Bitcoin Unlimited obtain development talent from?

How much miner support does Bitcoin Unlimited require to hard-fork?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited fork useful Blockstream Core changes?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited have technical debt?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited fix malleability?

Will Bitcoin Unlimited adopt Segwit?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited believe in free-market choice?

Does Bitcoin Unlimited scale the number of individuals?





*Forking-related questions

Why do a hard-fork?

How exactly do the mechanics of a hard-fork work?

Are there down-sides to hard-forks?

Will a Bitcoin hard-fork cause chaos and confusion?

Will Bitcoin exchanges and payment processors accept my transaction?

Will a Bitcoin hard-fork cause the price of Bitcoin to crash?

Will Bitcoin fees and confirmation times improve?

Will a hard-fork cause irreversible damage?

Who will use a coin that is less used and less mined?

I don't want 2 Bitcoin's, what do I do?

Will Bitcoin Unlimited keep the BTC ticker?

Will a minority fork of Bitcoin survive?

Have Bitcoin hard-forks happened in the past?

We should we hard-fork?

Can hard-forks be done safely?

How many times has Bitcoin hard-forked?



*General Bitcoin questions

Is Bitcoin a settlement layer?

Why should the Bitcoin blockchain process payments directly?

Is crippling the Bitcoin blockchain on the first layer for the second layer to solve the correct approach?

Is Bitcoin trustless and irreversible?

Do miners have full control of transaction selection?

Are fees of $1 fine?

How long away is Bitcoin mass adoption?

Is my transaction pushing another persons transaction out?

Which altcoins outscale Bitcoin?

How do I apply to become involved in the development process?

How can I receive education about the consensus mechanisms of Bitcoin?

Do altcoins have scaling problems?

Why would miners mine a coin that doesn't pay them?

Are the economics of making layer-2 solutions difficult?

What if a Bitcoin miner does not follow consensus?

Is the artificial, arbitrary tx space restriction and departure from free market principles an emergency?

Will the market move from small-blocks to large-blocks?

What defines Bitcoin?

Can layer-2 solutions scale to millions of transactions per second?

Are there routing problems with layer-2 technology?

-- Is this as an example of the type of data you are seeking (I put Bitcoin in each line because it will help with SEO)?

Can Bitcoin scale with-out second layer systems?

Is Bitcoin's high-fees and confirmation problems harming user-growth?

How much in Bitcoin would it cost to maintain a minority chain?


How do I send Bitcoin to someone?

Who is Satoshi Nakamato?

Is it possible to change the confirmation time from 10 minutes to a few seconds?

Is PoS better for Bitcoin?

What are the main security threats to Bitcoin?

Is there a checkpoint system to eliminate the need to download the full blockchain?

How come my transaction isn't broadcasting?

Have less people used Bitcoin due to its current problems?



Is Bitcoin cash, digital gold, gold, or a settlement network?

Is it possible to kill Bitcoin?

Do traditional fraud risks apply to Bitcoin payment processors?

Will regulations help or hurt Bitcoin?


What is the true cost of a Bitcoin transaction?

How many confirmations do I have to wait to make sure a TX is secure?





How do I add Bitcoin to my online stores check-out?

Should I keep my Bitcoin on an exchange?

How long can a Bitcoin transaction take?

How do Bitcoin transactions work?


Why isn't voting done by nodes?


Do full-blocks mean Bitcoin is failing?




